Fix Fastly service configuration custom VCL examples for WordPress redirects and blocking referrer spam (#3623)
magento/devdocs: _includes/cloud/cloud-fastly-manage-vcl-from-admin.md

## Modify the custom VCL snippet

> Complete the following steps to modify a custom VCL snippet from the Magento Admin UI.

Author: I want the add, edit, and delete actions to show up in the *On this page* menu. 

> This sentence is really not a value add. It's also different from the one for Delete snippets. If you use procedure stems (heading 4 To do...) and Step one (Log in to the Magento...thing), you don't need this.

I want the add, edit, and delete procedures to show up on the *On this page* menu on the left, which is why I didn't use H4 headers.

> Complete the following steps to modify a custom VCL snippet from the Magento Admin UI.

Reviewer: Just noting, this is an include file, so you would have to consider the On this page menu of every file you use it.

> Complete thes following steps to modify a custom VCL snippet from the Magento Admin UI.

Author: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps to modify a custom VCL snippet from the Magento Admin UI.
```

> 1.	Click **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Advanced** > **System**.

Author: ```suggestion
1.  Click **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Advanced** > **System**.
```

1.  Expand **Full Page Cache** > **Fastly Configuration** > **Custom VCL Snippets**.

    ![Manage custom VCL snippets]

1.  In the _Action_ column, click the settings icon next to the snippet to edit.

{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-warning}
The *Custom VCL snippets* UI option shows only the snippets added through the Admin UI. You must use the Fastly API to [manage custom snippets added through the API]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/cdn/cloud-vcl-custom-snippets.html#manage-custom-vcl-snippets-using-the-api).

## Delete the custom VCL snippet

> You can delete custom VCL snippet code from your Fastly configuration by uploading an empty version of the snippet from the Admin UI, or delete it completely using the Fastly API.

Author: ```suggestion
You can delete custom VCL snippet code from your Fastly configuration by uploading an empty version of the snippet from the Admin UI. You must use the Fastly API to delete the snippet file from the Fastly configuration.
```
